card well holler the universe
for the Rose center for Earth
and space
I me to boast but I'm like birds
with Bill Nye the Science Guy
to store just so you know and
he's taken on this topic in a
big way
recently published a book on
evolution and he
actually debated the director
love a creationist museum where
the entire premise is that there
was no
such thing as evolution let's
check in
on bill Nye's weekly ranked
can science and religion coexist
for sure
their billions have deeply
religious people all around the
world to accept the laws of
nature as we discovered through
the process of science
most in the Astronomy that we
started with
was developed in the Islamic
world about a millennium ago
and the calendar that everybody
uses all over the world was
developed by Jesuit priests
packed the Vatican has its own
astronomer for crying out loud
but from time to time you meet
people who insist that the earth
is somehow six or
10,000 years old was just not
possible
when we look at rocks like this
we can find where radioactive
elements
have replaced non-radioactive
elements that have the same
chemistry
we determine that the earth is
about 4.5 four billion years old
not
thousand years old about half
what we learn we learn
informally
in places like this museums
so I encourage you all to come
to a museum like this one
and listen to the rocks hay bale
over here